Sabine/readme (#1641)
neptune-ai/neptune-client: README.md

* <a href="https://docs.neptune.ai/management/"><b>Manage users and projects:</b></a> create different projects, add users to them, and grant different permissions levels.

> * <a href="https://neptune.ai/pricing"><b>Add your entire org:</b></a> get at least 10 users on every paid plan. So you can invite additional stakeholders, such as product managers and subject-matter experts, at no extra cost.

Author: ```suggestion
* <a href="https://neptune.ai/pricing"><b>Add your entire org:</b></a> you can collaborate with a team on every plan, even the Free one. So, invite your entire organization, including product managers and subject matter experts, to increase the visibility from the very beginning.
```
